Let's talk about Data streaming.
One of the best examples of a data stream is the stream of consciousness.
Thoughts are constant when awake.
They are constantly changing and evolving.
They start with one subject,
and can move to another topic very quickly.
Multiple inputs are aggregated to form ideas and conclusions.
Just as in our consciousness,
the world around us generates loads of information.
A real-world event is often responsible for producing
the stream of information ingested by a streaming application.
An application event is created in response to a real-world event.
A listener responsible for responding to this event ingests it.
As a result, a new insight is produced.